0x1A-hash_tables/README.md, before:

What is a hash function
What makes a good hash function
What is a hash table, how do they work and how to use them
What is a collision and what are the main ways of dealing with collisions in the context of a hash table
What are the advantages and drawbacks of using hash tables
What are the most common use cases of hash tables

Tasks
0. >>> ht = {}
Write a function that creates a hash table.

Prototype: hash_table_t *hash_table_create(unsigned long int size);
where size is the size of the array
Returns a pointer to the newly created hash table
If something went wrong, your function should return NULL

1. djb2
Write a hash function implementing the djb2 algorithm.

Prototype: unsigned long int hash_djb2(const unsigned char *str);

2. key -> index
mandatory
Write a function that gives you the index of a key.

Prototype: unsigned long int key_index(const unsigned char *key, unsigned long int size);
where key is the key
and size is the size of the array of the hash table
This function should use the hash_djb2 function that you wrote earlier
Returns the index at which the key/value pair should be stored in the array of the hash table
You will have to use this hash function for all the next tasks

Commit message:

How to add an element to a hash table

0x1A-hash_tables/README.md, after:

What is a hash function
What makes a good hash function
What is a hash table, how do they work and how to use them
What is a collision and what are the main ways of dealing with collisions in the context of a hash table
What are the advantages and drawbacks of using hash tables
What are the most common use cases of hash tables

Tasks
0. >>> ht = {}
Write a function that creates a hash table.

Prototype: hash_table_t *hash_table_create(unsigned long int size);
where size is the size of the array
Returns a pointer to the newly created hash table
If something went wrong, your function should return NULL

1. djb2
Write a hash function implementing the djb2 algorithm.

Prototype: unsigned long int hash_djb2(const unsigned char *str);

2. key -> index
Write a function that gives you the index of a key.

Prototype: unsigned long int key_index(const unsigned char *key, unsigned long int size);
where key is the key
and size is the size of the array of the hash table
This function should use the hash_djb2 function that you wrote earlier
Returns the index at which the key/value pair should be stored in the array of the hash table
You will have to use this hash function for all the next tasks


3. >>> ht['betty'] = 'cool'
Write a function that adds an element to the hash table.

Prototype: int hash_table_set(hash_table_t *ht, const char *key, const char *value);
Where ht is the hash table you want to add or update the key/value to
key is the key. key can not be an empty string
and value is the value associated with the key. value must be duplicated. value can be an empty string
Returns: 1 if it succeeded, 0 otherwise
In case of collision, add the new node at the beginning of the list
